README.md, before:

# TurboCrawler

## What it is?
It is a Micro-Framework that you can use to build your crawlers easily, focused in being fast, extremely
customizable and easy to use, giving you the power to control the crawler behavior. Provide ways to schedule requests,
parse your data asynchronously, extract redirect links from an HTML page.


## Install
```sh
pip install turbocrawler
```

## Code Example
```python
from pprint import pprint
import requests
from parsel import Selector
from turbocrawler import Crawler, CrawlerRequest, CrawlerResponse, CrawlerRunner, ExecutionInfo, ExtractRule


class QuotesToScrapeCrawler(Crawler):
    crawler_name = "QuotesToScrape"
    allowed_domains = ['quotes.toscrape']
    regex_extract_rules = [ExtractRule(r'https://quotes.toscrape.com/page/[0-9]')]
    time_between_requests = 1
    session: requests.Session

    @classmethod
    def start_crawler(cls) -> None:
        cls.session = requests.session()

    @classmethod
    def crawler_first_request(cls) -> CrawlerResponse | None:
        response = cls.session.get(url="https://quotes.toscrape.com/page/1/")
        return CrawlerResponse(url=response.url,
                               body=response.text,
                               status_code=response.status_code)

    @classmethod
    def process_request(cls, crawler_request: CrawlerRequest) -> CrawlerResponse:
        response = cls.session.get(crawler_request.url)
        return CrawlerResponse(url=response.url,
                               body=response.text,
                               status_code=response.status_code)

    @classmethod
    def parse(cls, crawler_request: CrawlerRequest, crawler_response: CrawlerResponse) -> None:
        selector = Selector(crawler_response.body)
        for quote in selector.css('div[class="quote"]'):
            data = {"quote": quote.css('span:nth-child(1)::text').get()[1:-1],
                    "author": quote.css('span:nth-child(2)>small::text').get(),
                    "tags_list": quote.css('div[class="tags"]>a::text').getall()}
            pprint(data)

    @classmethod
    def stop_crawler(cls, execution_info: ExecutionInfo) -> None:
        cls.session.close()


CrawlerRunner(crawler=QuotesToScrapeCrawler).run()
```



## Understanding the Crawler
### Attributes
- `crawler_name` the name of your crawler, this info will be used by `CrawledQueue`
- `allowed_domains` list containing all domains that the crawler may add to `CrawlerQueue`
- `regex_extract_rules` list containing `ExtractRule` objects, the regex passed here will be 
used to extract all redirect links from an HTML page, EX: 'href="/users"', that you return in `CrawlerResponse.body`.
If you let this list empty will not enable the automatic population of `CrawlerQueue` for every `CrawlerResponse.body` 
- `time_between_requests` Time that each request will have to wait before being executed

### Methods

## Creating your crawler
1. Create a class that inherits from `Crawler` class and implement all required methods

Commit message:

doc: add Order of calls

README.md, after:

# TurboCrawler

## What it is?
It is a Micro-Framework that you can use to build your crawlers easily, focused in being fast, extremely
customizable and easy to use, giving you the power to control the crawler behavior. Provide ways to schedule requests,
parse your data asynchronously, extract redirect links from an HTML page.


## Install
```sh
pip install turbocrawler
```

## Code Example
```python
from pprint import pprint
import requests
from parsel import Selector
from turbocrawler import Crawler, CrawlerRequest, CrawlerResponse, CrawlerRunner, ExecutionInfo, ExtractRule


class QuotesToScrapeCrawler(Crawler):
    crawler_name = "QuotesToScrape"
    allowed_domains = ['quotes.toscrape']
    regex_extract_rules = [ExtractRule(r'https://quotes.toscrape.com/page/[0-9]')]
    time_between_requests = 1
    session: requests.Session

    @classmethod
    def start_crawler(cls) -> None:
        cls.session = requests.session()

    @classmethod
    def crawler_first_request(cls) -> CrawlerResponse | None:
        response = cls.session.get(url="https://quotes.toscrape.com/page/1/")
        return CrawlerResponse(url=response.url,
                               body=response.text,
                               status_code=response.status_code)

    @classmethod
    def process_request(cls, crawler_request: CrawlerRequest) -> CrawlerResponse:
        response = cls.session.get(crawler_request.url)
        return CrawlerResponse(url=response.url,
                               body=response.text,
                               status_code=response.status_code)

    @classmethod
    def parse(cls, crawler_request: CrawlerRequest, crawler_response: CrawlerResponse) -> None:
        selector = Selector(crawler_response.body)
        for quote in selector.css('div[class="quote"]'):
            data = {"quote": quote.css('span:nth-child(1)::text').get()[1:-1],
                    "author": quote.css('span:nth-child(2)>small::text').get(),
                    "tags_list": quote.css('div[class="tags"]>a::text').getall()}
            pprint(data)

    @classmethod
    def stop_crawler(cls, execution_info: ExecutionInfo) -> None:
        cls.session.close()


CrawlerRunner(crawler=QuotesToScrapeCrawler).run()
```



## Understanding the Crawler
### Attributes
- `crawler_name` the name of your crawler, this info will be used by `CrawledQueue`
- `allowed_domains` list containing all domains that the crawler may add to `CrawlerQueue`
- `regex_extract_rules` list containing `ExtractRule` objects, the regex passed here will be 
used to extract all redirect links from an HTML page, EX: 'href="/users"', that you return in `CrawlerResponse.body`.
If you let this list empty will not enable the automatic population of `CrawlerQueue` for every `CrawlerResponse.body` 
- `time_between_requests` Time that each request will have to wait before being executed

### Methods
#### `start_crawler`
Should be used to start a session, webdriver, etc...

#### `crawler_first_request` 
Should be used to make the first request in a site normally the login,
Here could also be used to schedule the first pages to crawl.  
2 possible Returns:  
return `CrawlerResponse` the response will be sent to `parse` method and apply follow rule OBS-1  
return `None` the response will not be sent to `parse` method

#### `process_request`



#### `parse`
#### `stop_crawler`


OBS:
1. If filled `regex_extract_rules` the redicts specified in the rules will schedule 
in the `CrawlerQueue`, if not filled `regex_extract_rules` will not schedule any request.

### Order of calls
1. `start_crawler`
2. `crawler_first_request`
3. Start loop executing the methods sequentially `process_request` -> `process_response` -> `parse` -> loop forever.  
The loop only stops when `CrawlerQueue` is empty.
4. `stop_crawler`

## Creating your crawler
1. Create a class that inherits from `Crawler` class and implement all required methods
